So, first, we're going to go through just a little bit of definitions and
history before we get into some of the fundamentals of what we're going to talk about.
So, let's start with a few definitions to make sure we're all on the same page.
A database is a set of related data and the way it is organized.
Access to this data is usually provided by a database management system.
So, what is a database management system?
This consists of computer software that allows users to
interact with the database and provides access to all of that data.
Because of the close relationship,
the term database is often used to refer to
both the database and the database management system.